Setup dev environment (#195)
PyFstat/PyFstat: README.md

  `flake8 --count --statistics .` to find common coding errors and then fix them manually,
  and then
  `black --check --diff .` to show the required style changes, or `black .` to automatically apply them.
* `bin/setup-dev-tools.sh` gets your virtual environment ready for you. After making sure you are 

> using a virtual environment, it install `pytest`, `black` and `flake8` and uses `pre-commit` to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using a virtual environment (venv or conda),
it installs `pytest`, `black` and `flake8` and uses `pre-commit` to run
```

Author: Yes, I always mess up the actual name.
